# hoxeysky
Camp site light show for Hoxeyville.

hoxeysky

If you have ever been to a music festival you may have had a hard time
finding your camp site after the show.  I mean, it's hard to find it in the
daylight sometimes.  Experienced campers bring flag poles that can be seen
from far away to mark their spot.  This works well, but at night, even those
can be hard to see.

One time before covid I was assigned the duty of creating a flag pole.  This
was actually pretty hard.  You can't just have some random garbage.  Everyone
that comes to your camp is going to associate you with that, so it's got to
be good.

During a small show in Northern Michigan, I saw something that made
everything click.  These guys used those pallet sized liquid containers with
lights inside as part of their light show.  The plastic diffused the lights.
This meant that they had these huge lights flashing and pulsating to the
music for probably next to nothing.

Our first go at this was simple and effective: a gallon milk jug on top of
a 15 foot pole.  This jug had a blinking LED light inserted, and it diffused
light perfectly.  It didn't take long before we noticed other campers using
this beacon as their own landmark.  Lots of comments like, "Dude, we're the
isle after the blinking light!"

That was Hoxeyville 2019.  We put a lot of thought into how to improve what
was there.  Huge grand plans.  Parts were ordered, prototypes were made, and
experiments were run.  Then covid happened.  Obviously it got put on a back
burner.

Hoxeyville 2021 is coming up, and I've brought some components out of
storage.  Rather than go with the full on badassery that was envisioned, I've
opted to keep it simple.  This is simply an Arduino, Adafruit 24-channel PWM
LED driver, and a clear bowl with paper on the inside.  It's a UFO, and it's
going to be perfect.

Copyright 2019-2021 Brian Murphy
https://github.com/gurudvlp

This requires an Adafruit TLC5947 24 channel, 12 bit LED driver.  I heavily
referenced their code in the original writing of this, so you should check
out their product:

http://www.adafruit.com/products/1429

# wiring

[Wiring Diagram](https://github.com/gurudvlp/hoxeysky/blob/master/docs/wiring_diagram.png?raw=true)
